README.md, before:

# WTSS

The Web Time Series Service (WTSS) is a lightweight web service for handling time series data from remote sensing imagery.

## Installation

### Requirements

- [`Python 3+`](https://python.org)

Install [`WTSS requirements.txt`](./requirements.txt) with the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Running

Run WTSS application with command:

```bash
python manager.py run
```

## Tests

In order to run tests, use the following command:

```bash
python -m pytest -v --cov-report html --cov-report annotate --cov=bdc_wtss tests/
```

It will generate folder `htmlcov` with code coverage. You can serve these files through web server. You can also
check locally with the command:

```bash
cd htmlcov
# For Python 3
python -m http.server
```

Access the web browser the url: http://127.0.0.1:8000


## Documentation

In order to generate WTSS documentation, go to directory `docs` and run `Makefile`:

```bash
cd docs
make html
```

After that, you can serve these HTML files with command:

```bash
cd build/html
# Python 3
python -m http.server 8001
```

Open web browser http://127.0.0.1:8001

Commit message:

Improve README.md with manage.py test and docs

README.md, after:

# WTSS

The Web Time Series Service (WTSS) is a lightweight web service for handling time series data from remote sensing imagery.

## Installation

### Requirements

- [`Python 3+`](https://python.org)

Install [`WTSS requirements.txt`](./requirements.txt) with the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Running

Run WTSS application with command:

```bash
python manage.py run
```

## Tests

In order to run tests, use the following command:

```bash
python manage.py test
```

or

```bash
python -m pytest -v --cov-report html --cov-report annotate --cov=bdc_wtss tests/
```

It will generate folder `htmlcov` with code coverage. You can serve these files through web server. You can also
check locally with the command:

```bash
cd htmlcov
# For Python 3
python -m http.server
```

Access the web browser the url: http://127.0.0.1:8000


## Documentation

In order to generate WTSS documentation, go to directory `docs` and run `Makefile`:

```bash
python manage.py docs
```

or

```bash
cd docs
make html
```

After that, you can serve these HTML files with command:

```bash
cd build/html
# Python 3
python -m http.server 5001
```

You can also pass `--serve` flag to run local HTTP Server listening on 0.0.0.0:5001. The port can be changed with `--port=NewPort`

```bash
python manage.py docs --serve
```

Open web browser http://127.0.0.1:5001
